c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\KTigersTV.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\KTigersTV.pdb
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\obj\Debug\KTigersTV.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\obj\Debug\KTigersTV.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\obj\Debug\KTigersTV.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\obj\Debug\KTigersTV.dll
c:\users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\obj\Debug\KTigersTV.pdb
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.dll
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Xamarin.iOS.dll
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\System.dll
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.pdb
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.xml
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Xamarin.iOS.xml
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\System.pdb
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\System.Core.pdb
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.pdb
C:\Users\cheah\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Debug\System.Xml.pdb
