c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\obj\Release\KTigersTV.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\obj\Release\KTigersTV.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\obj\Release\KTigersTV.dll
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\obj\Release\KTigersTV.pdb
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\KTigersTV.dll
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\KTigersTV.pdb
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Xamarin.iOS.dll
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\System.dll
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\System.Core.dll
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Mono.Security.dll
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\System.Xml.dll
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Xamarin.iOS.xml
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\System.pdb
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\System.Core.pdb
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Mono.Security.pdb
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\System.Xml.pdb
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\obj\Release\KTigersTV.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Plugin.Share.dll
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Plugin.Share.pdb
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Plugin.Share.xml
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.pdb
c:\Users\cheah\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\KTigersTV\bin\Release\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.xml
